Docs: Mention queryparam function on data-link-variables.md (#46613)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/linking/data-link-variables.md

When linking to another dashboard that uses template variables, select variable values for whoever clicks the link.

> - `${myvar:queryparams}` - where `myvar` is the name of the template variable that matches a variable in the dashboard that contains the selected value you want to use.

Reviewer: I feel like this additional clarification `"that contains the selected value"` of the variable in the dashboard only adds a bit of an unnecessary complexity to the sentence and one has to read it again to be sure what follows what. For me a question arises "Does the variable in the dashboard contain the selected value, or the dashboard itself?" if I had no idea what all of this is about and am just reading it for the first time.

> - `${myvar:queryparams}` - where `myvar` is the name of the template variable that matches a variable in the dashboard that contains the selected value you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `${myvar:queryparams}` - where `myvar` is the name of the template variable that matches a variable in the dashboard that you want to use.
```

> - `${myvar:queryparams}` - where `myvar` is a name of the template variable that matches one in the current dashboard that you want to use the currently selected value of. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `${myvar:queryparams}` - where `myvar` is the name of the template variable that matches a variable in the dashboard that contains the selected value you want to use.
```

> - `${myvar:queryparams}` - where `myvar` is a name of the template variable that matches one in the current dashboard that you want to use the currently selected value of. 

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if my suggestion makes line 52 any clearer?

Author: I think it did, thank you. Sorry it took so long to incorporate, it has been a while since I looked at my change in the diff view so I was confused by the github diff display and was trying to figure out why you wanted to get rid of __all_variables and was trying to think of how to better demonstrate it when the rest of the PR does just that and also still mentions the _all_variables haha 😊
